c:\users\mo-malik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore.WebUI\BookStore.Domain\bin\Debug\BookStore.Domain.dll
c:\users\mo-malik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore.WebUI\BookStore.Domain\bin\Debug\BookStore.Domain.pdb
c:\users\mo-malik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore.WebUI\BookStore.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\mo-malik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore.WebUI\BookStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\mo-malik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore.WebUI\BookStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\mo-malik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore.WebUI\BookStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\mo-malik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore.WebUI\BookStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\mo-malik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore.WebUI\BookStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\mo-malik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore.WebUI\BookStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\mo-malik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore.WebUI\BookStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\mo-malik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore.WebUI\BookStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\mo-malik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore.WebUI\BookStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\mo-malik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore.WebUI\BookStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\mo-malik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore.WebUI\BookStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\mo-malik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore.WebUI\BookStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\mo-malik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore.WebUI\BookStore.Domain\obj\Debug\BookStore.Domain.dll
c:\users\mo-malik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore.WebUI\BookStore.Domain\obj\Debug\BookStore.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Mo-Malik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore.WebUI\BookStore.Domain\bin\Debug\BookStore.Domain.dll.config
C:\Users\Mo-Malik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore.WebUI\BookStore.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Mo-Malik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore.WebUI\BookStore.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Mo-Malik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore.WebUI\BookStore.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Mo-Malik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore.WebUI\BookStore.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Mo-Malik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookStore.WebUI\BookStore.Domain\obj\Debug\BookStore.Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
